Get started fixes (#52)
hapipal/hapipal.com: lib/content/getting-started.md

> npx hpal new paldo-riddles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm init @hapipal paldo-riddles
```

cd paldo-riddles
npm install

# make your first commit to init project history

> git add --all

Reviewer: I believe all the files are already added after starting a new project.  However, after installation there is one new file, package-lock.json, that this would add.

Reviewer: I see now that this mirrors the boilerplate readme.  Maybe it is easier to leave like this than get granular about adding specific files 👍

git commit -m "Initial commit"
```

On running `npx hpal new paldo-riddles`, you'll be prompted with the [`npm init`](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/init) dialog, where you can enter details about your project that will go into its `package.json` file.  Feel free to take the time to fill-out the details, or just "enter" all the way through—either is fine for the purposes of this tutorial.

You now have a base pal project directory ready to go!

> `npx hpal new paldo-riddles` calls hapi pal's command line utility [hpal](https://www.npmjs.com/package/hpal) to bootstrap a new project in a directory titled `paldo-riddles` in our current working directory (the argument to `new` is a path).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`npx hpal new paldo-riddles` calls hapi pal's command line utility [hpal](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@hapipal/hpal) to bootstrap a new project in a directory titled `paldo-riddles` in our current working directory (the argument to `new` is a path).
```

Be sure to restart your server in order to pick-up this new code.

> If you cURL our new route (`curl http://localhost:3000/riddle-random`) or visit it [in your browser](http://localhost:3000/riddle-random), you'll see one of Paldo's riddles. We're up and running!

Reviewer: Above there were some instructions removed to set the PORT back to 3000.  Does that mean we should use 4000 throughout the rest of the tutorial?

Author: I can't for the life of me recall what I was thinking there. I'll add some note about the rest of the tutorial serving on 3000 after that env setting section

Author: H'ok, added back a note explaining this away!

Immediately, we see that our strategy of hardcoding our riddles within our first route's handler is, although expedient, unworkable. Our other routes will need to know about that data (let alone any other pieces of our riddle-sharing application we build later). So, let's centralize it.

> Though there's a whole slew of ways you handle this, we'll create a file called `data` under `lib` and set it up to export our riddles.

Reviewer: I wonder if it might be a little more comfy if we don't mention that there are tons of ways to solve the problem, and just go ahead with a solution that will work for us.
```suggestion
For our purposes, we'll create a file called `data` under `lib` and set it up to export our riddles.
```

Author: Ay, yea, that reads much better. Thanks!

### Manually

> Run `npm run lint`—this executes eslint with our config on all files not ignored by npm (see the project's standard `.npmignore`)—and then fix whatever warnings and errors it spits out (or if you prefer eslint's automatic fixing: `npm run lint -- --fix`).

Reviewer: Ooh, cool tip!

So, let's pull in our [Objection flavor](https://github.com/hapipal/boilerplate/commit/objection).

If you used the hpal CLI to start your project as described above, just run:
If you used the hpal CLI to start your project as described above, run:

```sh
git cherry-pick objection

> npm install

Reviewer: Is there an instruction elsewhere to install the new packages (objection, knex, etc.)?

Author: Ay, yea, it's a bunch of lines down, after explaining what all's happening with this command: https://github.com/hapipal/hapipal.com/pull/52/files#diff-663e1a280a7fe30ead22732740aa3d215335bf0c66967a35595d2bf153ae2108L435

Does that read alright to you? I was kept that as the only place where we instruct to install since the instructions right after this allude to resolving merge conflicts in package.json. But I could see lifting those up, so it reads something like: 

```diff
Expect to resolve small merge conflicts when pulling flavors in, typically just in `package.json`  and `server/manifest.js` having to do with overlapping dependencies in HEAD and the flavor.

+ Now let's check everything's still working:
+ 
+ ```sh
+ # bring in our new dependencies
+ npm install
+ npm start
+ ```
```

Do you prefer one over the other?

Reviewer: Sounds like it's spoken to, all good to leave it as-is 👍

- [the pal boilerplate](https://hapipal.com/docs/boilerplate) - this is the baseline setup for pal projects, including a nice setup deployment, testing, linting, and pluginization of your application.  It also offers a handful of "flavors", which helped us more easily integrate Swagger documentation and a SQL-backed model layer.
- [hpal](https://hapipal.com/docs/hpal) - this is the command line tool we used to start a new project, create routes in `routes/`, and models in `models/`.  It does much more too—you can also search documentation with it from the command line, for example: `hpal docs:schwifty request.models`.
- [haute-couture](https://hapipal.com/docs/haute-couture) - this is used by the pal boilerplate to enforce the directory structure for your hapi plugin (everything in `lib/`).

> - [joi](https://github.com/sideway) - this is the validation library of choice for hapi projects, since it integrates nicely into hapi itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [joi](https://github.com/sideway/joi) - this is the validation library of choice for hapi projects, since it integrates nicely into hapi itself.
```
